Haruo Yanai. 1974. Unification of Various Techniques of Multivariate Analysis by Means of Generalized Coefficient of Determination. Kodo Keiryogaku (The Japanese Journal of Behaviormetrics) 1 (1974).

Frances Ding, Jean-Stanislas Denain, and Jacob Steinhardt. 2021. Grounding Representation Similarity Through Statistical Testing. In NeurIPS.

Max Klabunde, Tobias Schumacher, Markus Strohmaier, & Florian Lemmerich. (2023). Similarity of Neural Network Models: A Survey of Functional and Representational Measures.

Simon Kornblith, Mohammad Norouzi, Honglak Lee, and Geoffrey E. Hinton. 2019. Similarity of Neural Network Representations Revisited. In ICML.

Nikolaus Kriegeskorte, Marieke Mur, and Peter Bandettini. 2008. Representational similarity analysis - connecting the branches of systems neuroscience. Frontiers in Systems Neuroscience 2 (2008).

Richard D. Lange, Devin Kwok, Jordan Matelsky, Xinyue Wang, David S. Rolnick, & Konrad P. Kording. (2022). Neural Networks as Paths through the Space of Representations.

Richard D. Lange, David S. Rolnick, and Konrad P. Kording. 2022. Clustering units in neural networks: upstream vs downstream information. TMLR (2022).

Yixuan Li, Jason Yosinski, Jeff Clune, Hod Lipson, and John E. Hopcroft. 2016. Convergent Learning: Do different neural networks learn the same representations?. In ICLR.

Ari S. Morcos, Maithra Raghu, and Samy Bengio. 2018. Insights on representational similarity in neural networks with canonical correlation. In NeurIPS.

Maithra Raghu, Justin Gilmer, Jason Yosinski, and Jascha Sohl-Dickstein. 2017. SVCCA: Singular Vector Canonical Correlation Analysis for Deep Learning Dynamics and Interpretability. In NeurIPS.

Martin Schrimpf, Jonas Kubilius, Ha Hong, Najib J. Majaj, Rishi Rajalingham, Elias B. Issa, Kohitĳ Kar, Pouya Bashivan, Jonathan Prescott-Roy, Franziska Geiger, Kailyn Schmidt, Daniel L. K. Yamins, & James J. DiCarlo (2018). Brain-Score: Which Artificial Neural Network for Object Recognition is most Brain-Like?. bioRxiv preprint.

Schrimpf, M., Kubilius, J., Lee, M., Murty, N., Ajemian, R., & DiCarlo, J. (2020). Integrative Benchmarking to Advance Neurally Mechanistic Models of Human Intelligence. Neuron.

Mahdiyar Shahbazi, Ali Shirali, Hamid Aghajan, and Hamed Nili. 2021. Using distance on the Riemannian manifold to compare representations in brain and in models. NeuroImage 239 (2021).

Anton Tsitsulin, Marina Munkhoeva, Davide Mottin, Panagiotis Karras, Alex Bronstein, Ivan Oseledets, and Emmanuel Mueller. 2020. The Shape of Data: Intrinsic Distance for Data Distributions. In ICLR.

Liwei Wang, Lunjia Hu, Jiayuan Gu, Zhiqiang Hu, Yue Wu, Kun He, and John E. Hopcroft. 2018. Towards Understanding Learning Representations: To What Extent Do Different Neural Networks Learn the Same Representation. In NeurIPS.

Alex H. Williams, Erin Kunz, Simon Kornblith, and Scott W. Linderman. 2021. Generalized Shape Metrics on Neural Representations. In NeurIPS.

